Added a simplified version of LoRaWAN USe-Case (#21)
ietf-wg-dance/draft-dance-architecture: draft-ietf-dance-architecture.md

A hardware manufacturer can provide a pre-established identity, with the certificate or public key already published in DNS.
This makes PKI-based identity more approachable for small organizations which currently lack the resources to operate an organizational CA.

### LoRaWAN

> **We should ask S. if he wants to contribute to this section**

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> For the end-device onboarding in LoRaWAN, the "network server" and the "join server" [RFC 8376] needs to establish mutual TLS authentication in order to exchange configuration parameters. Certificate Authority based mutual TLS authentication doesn't work in LoRaWAN due to the non availability of the CA trust store in the LoRaWAN network stack. Self-signed certificate based mutual-TLS authentication method is the alternative solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the end-device onboarding in LoRaWAN, the "network server" and the "join server" {{?RFC8376}} needs to establish mutual TLS authentication in order to exchange configuration parameters. Certificate Authority based mutual TLS authentication doesn't work in LoRaWAN due to the non availability of the CA trust store in the LoRaWAN network stack. Self-signed certificate based mutual-TLS authentication method is the alternative solution.
```
